Add section on Ember-Sortable adoption (#294)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2019-09-27-the-ember-times-issue-117.md

---

## [A newly adopted Ember Addon 🐣](https://twitter.com/Alonski/status/1177577454711582720)

> [Adopted Ember Addons](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons) has adopted [ember-sortable](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons/ember-sortable), an addon which provides Sortable UI primitives for Ember. The addon was created by [Jamie White](https://github.com/jgwhite) over four years again and he has been maintaining it all this time! The time has come however for the addon to get some new love ❤ under the Adopted Ember Addons umbrella. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Adopted Ember Addons](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons) has adopted [ember-sortable](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons/ember-sortable), an addon which provides Sortable UI primitives for Ember. The addon was created by [Jamie White](https://github.com/jgwhite) over four years ago and he has been maintaining it all this time! The time has come however for the addon to get some new love ❤ under the Adopted Ember Addons umbrella. 
```

> [Adopted Ember Addons](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons) has adopted [ember-sortable](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons/ember-sortable), an addon which provides Sortable UI primitives for Ember. The addon was created by [Jamie White](https://github.com/jgwhite) over four years again and he has been maintaining it all this time! The time has come however for the addon to get some new love ❤ under the Adopted Ember Addons umbrella. 

Reviewer 2: Alon, in addition to what Ilya suggested, can I recommend adding Jamie's GitHub handle next to his name? `[Jamie White (@jgwhite)][https://github.com/jgwhite]`

> [Adopted Ember Addons](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons) has adopted [ember-sortable](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons/ember-sortable), an addon which provides Sortable UI primitives for Ember. The addon was created by [Jamie White](https://github.com/jgwhite) over four years again and he has been maintaining it all this time! The time has come however for the addon to get some new love ❤ under the Adopted Ember Addons umbrella. 

Reviewer 3: The project's language linter returns the following error in the [Travis CI run](https://travis-ci.org/ember-learn/ember-blog/builds/590426003):

<img width="1025" alt="Screenshot 2019-09-27 at 16 09 30" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8811742/65775911-5a8fad00-e141-11e9-91eb-8a09930488e5.png">

Since it's difficult to change the addon's maintainer's name to resolve the error, I'd think it'd be best to add the comment to let the linter ignore that error:

```suggestion
<!--alex ignore white-->
[Adopted Ember Addons](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons) has adopted [ember-sortable](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons/ember-sortable), an addon which provides Sortable UI primitives for Ember. The addon was created by [Jamie White](https://github.com/jgwhite) over four years again and he has been maintaining it all this time! The time has come however for the addon to get some new love ❤ under the Adopted Ember Addons umbrella. 
```

What do you think?

> Adopted Ember Addons is a project with the goal of giving addons in the Ember Community a place to stay maintained when the original maintainer decides that they would like to pass on the mantle for the maintaining of the addon that they created. The [program guidelines](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons/program-guidelines) explain how the program works. 

Reviewer 2: The first sentence feels a bit long, though it carries great meaning. Maybe:
```suggestion
The goal of Adopted Ember Addons is to give Ember addons a place to stay maintained when the original maintainer decides that they would like to pass the mantle. The [program guidelines](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons/program-guidelines) explain how the program works. 
```

> Maintaining these addons takes work by real people. The program is always on the lookout for helpful people to contribute and help maintain these addons. Ember wouldn't be where it is today without the amazing addon ecosystem. If you would like to help out in maintaining these addons please come join us on [Discord in #adopted-ember-addons](https://discord.gg/emberjs) ❤

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Maintaining these addons takes work by real people. The program is always on the lookout for helpful people to contribute and help maintain these addons. Ember wouldn't be where it is today without the amazing addon ecosystem. If you would like to help out in maintaining these addons, please come join us on [Discord in #adopted-ember-addons](https://discord.gg/emberjs) ❤
```
